among all the next gen titles one of the most
interesting in absolute terms without shadow
of doubt the latest work by
eat and ambitious huge and gives
the impression of being able to blend to the fullest
of the items that made the headlines
of the previous generation of the true
classics is a shooter but a look
complex system similar to that of
borderlands with a development system
dual that is based both on weapons and
on the abilities of the characters and it seems
offer great freedom to the player a
boundless world to explore and a
use of 1600 solitude in
cooperative but above all in
there was a cooperative at the games week
developers so we couldn't
sure let us miss the chance to make us
a chat
we talked to eric osborne the
community home manager
this is what he told us
leo games in sound destinies looks like one
of the most promising games of the new
generation has a remarkable look it seems
really complex in particular me
very intrigues the system of
double linked development is the skills of the
characters that has an internal system of
upgrade weapons with skill
specifications for each guns
you can elaborate a you can explain me better
how it all works
you have then had some problems with
balancing with such a number of
factors to consider
we play every day to be
sure that everything is fine
balanced is a super important factor
for us it is superficially a title
simple to play appreciate but more
go to the bottom and start leveling up
and more new ones are introduced to you
skill new weapons movement skills
and equipment everything is explained
in an understandable way to allow the
player to understand the depth and
complexity of the chosen character
in short, for her game we wanted to have a
lot of people with a differentiated look
and also from the style of play
differentiated only in his to have will be
a very cooperative but also experience
playable in singles as much as you are
concentrate on the element co op
the campaign is calculated to be a lot
more enjoyable in the company or is
equally enjoyable by ourselves we have one
philosophy that recites everything you do
it's more fun made with friends
we know the multiplayer titles there
we have been working for a very long time
you can also go and see before aloe
find a lot of titles from us
built as collective experiences
we love this kind of thing
let's go see the people who collaborate
and you pass the time great you can
play alone in destiny have moments
private but meet other players
at the crossroads we will have public spaces in
which you will see other users
but during the cinematics the choice
If you want to enjoy a story, enjoy yourself
a movie will not place the others
players to ruin you there because you could
don't have fun so we want you to
choose whether to form a party and turn
with friends but still we want
be sure that everything is fun
to play and that it is even more so with
therefore there are many friends
cooperative elements in the game only
read the creation you created a
new world is not some work recently
what inspired you in this process
books science fiction movies comics
something in particular
well spies wenders there are tons of
things that offer inspiration during the
development of such a world yes
speaks of hundreds of people who
work on the same project for various
years
so yes we read a lot of
science fiction and we see a lot of films
we are fans of game of thrones is the wire
just name something and you will find
someone in the studios who is a fan you can
see even influences from the souls
in the artistic style
there is even a hint of thunder and the
barbarian in art style
the challenge is not to draw
inspiration from certain elements but
in merging the many sources of
inspiration so as to achieve a
original and unique feeling is a work of
desks and we want to leave ours
clear mark on the finished product in
so that a player is aware of
how unique it is ours and speaking of
game of thrones we should expect of
drama between the various factions intrigues and
similar stuff
well we have competitive multiplayer not
we still talked about photos of
group system but at the moment it can be
go to bungie.net and form a group
if desired
however we cannot yet
learn more about the system
faction of the game you will talk about it shortly
absolutely in the future we will talk about it
the multiplayer was a compact car
back on the competitive multiplayer
you will aim for a balance at the height
of sports you want to add it
mainly as a pastime
fun to behold the complexity
of the system mainly the game must
be fun you have to want but to play
the sport or not we are
absolutely competitive players
we keep back to the weekly to which
we participate and we have many skilled people
players in the studio but we are
concentrating to make the game
fun at all skill levels
for us it is very important that the title
both enjoyable and for those with time
play a half hour a week for that
who wants to spend each night there
explore each complex element e
live thoroughly in multiplayer
competitive every night with you
moved from the gameplay point of view
you bet on a very system
intuitive the so-called faces from
learn but difficult to master either
you want to offer a plethora of immediately
mechanical and absorb gradually
player
both actually every game tries to
starting accessible way later
become deeper rich with the
spend some time
here it starts easily and
and a character and the world opens man
hand that advances and then culminates with
something like a raid where you are
in the company of six very good friends
to overcome an incredibly challenge
difficult this kind of thing is
designed to be appreciated to the limit
maximum of the title and force a
think carefully about the equipment
to be used in the combination of
power class and every movement because
every movement matters in these phases
we want to be sure to balance between
funny moments where you can
simply turn off the brain and
deep tactical phases that
require plans and great skill
hello hello I'll ask you a question that
many will have already done it but you know that
there is considerable attention around the
I play the real part of the community PC
absolutely the are the community manager
therefore I constantly check that
kind of feed
we currently have no announcements to make to
respect but we listen to people then
you wo n't tell me anything about
a possible pc version
we go out on four platforms and not
we have other announcements to make
we are simply concentrating for
make the game as good as possible on
those platforms
there is much work to be done we must
make sure those versions are
absolutely perfect a man always
dreaming 6 1 masha what a value